README.md, before:

wallFunctions
============

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-0.1-blue.svg)](http://github.com/SedFoam/wallFunctions)
[![OpenFOAM v20xx](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-v20xx-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.com/)
[![OpenFOAM v19xx](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-v19xx-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.com/)
[![OpenFOAM v18xx](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-v18xx-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.com/)
[![OpenFOAM v17xx](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-v17xx-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.com/)
[![OpenFOAM 7.x](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-7-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.org/)
[![OpenFOAM 6](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-6-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.org/)
[![OpenFOAM 5.x](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-5.x-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.org/)

This repository provides the wilcox Omega WallFunction.

Status
------

The wilcox Omega WallFunction is in development and is not yet fully functional.

Pull requests are encouraged!

Features
--------

TODO

Installation
------------

```bash
cd $WM_PROJECT_USER_DIR
git clone https://github.com/sedfoam/wallFunctions
cd wallFunctions
./Allwclean
./Allwmake
```

Usage
-----

blabla

Reference
---------

blabla


How to cite
-----------

blabla

Developers
----------

  * Cyrille Bonamy
  * Julien Chauchat

Acknowledgements
----------------

OpenFOAM is free, open source software for computational fluid dynamics (CFD),
developed primarily by [CFD Direct](http://cfd.direct), on behalf of the
[OpenFOAM](http://openfoam.org) Foundation.

Commit message:

update README, change library name in Allwmake Allwclean scripts

README.md, after:

wallFunctions
============

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-0.1-blue.svg)](http://github.com/SedFoam/wallFunctions)
[![OpenFOAM v20xx](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-v20xx-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.com/)
[![OpenFOAM v19xx](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-v19xx-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.com/)
[![OpenFOAM v18xx](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-v18xx-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.com/)
[![OpenFOAM v17xx](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-v17xx-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.com/)
[![OpenFOAM 7.x](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-7-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.org/)
[![OpenFOAM 6](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-6-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.org/)
[![OpenFOAM 5.x](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenFOAM-5.x-brightgreen.svg)](https://openfoam.org/)

This repository provides different wall functions providing rough boundary condition for turbulent quantities k and omega.

Status
------

The roughWallFunctions library is in development and is not yet fully functional.

Pull requests are encouraged!

Features
--------

TODO

Installation
------------

```bash
cd $WM_PROJECT_USER_DIR
git clone https://github.com/sedfoam/roughWallFunctions
cd roughWallFunctions
./Allwclean
./Allwmake
```

Usage
-----

blabla

Reference
---------

blabla


How to cite
-----------

blabla

Developers
----------

  * Cyrille Bonamy
  * Julien Chauchat

Acknowledgements
----------------

OpenFOAM is free, open source software for computational fluid dynamics (CFD),
developed primarily by [CFD Direct](http://cfd.direct), on behalf of the
[OpenFOAM](http://openfoam.org) Foundation.
